but Killzone 3 comes out on February
22nd it's gonna be your choice on how
you're going to control the ISA you can
use your dual shock 3 like you did in
Killzone 2 or you can use the
PlayStation Move number of journalists
who have gotten their hands on the
PlayStation Move and on the Sharpshooter
I've been thinking actually this is the
killer app for PlayStation Move so we're
going to show you how the sharpshooter
works now you need to use the navigation
controller to control your troopers in a
first-person shooter so that actually
just snaps in right here so the real
advantage of the sharpshooter is the
fact that it takes advantage of the
extension connector that's this little
port on the bottom of your PlayStation
Lucent oh you're by wondering what
that's for is the first time it's
actually getting used that goes into the
back of the controller so games like
Killzone 3 or SOCOM 4 they utilize all
the buttons on the PlayStation Move
controller and it'd be sort of
inconvenient for you to have to reach on
the top while you're trying to aim and
shoot at the same time so that extension
connector port that remaps the buttons
to other parts of the Sharpshooter now
the move button which controls going
into and out of cover for Killzone 3 is
mapped underneath the trigger so you can
just reach under there if you want to go
into cover and then you use your thumb
stick to keep out and then your popping
caps so really I said that it's good to
mention here also the placement of the
navigation controller you control your
soldiers with this menu and and other
weapons are selected using the d-pad and
you'll aim down the site with the big
trigger here and if you want to use a
grenade that will be the l1 button right
over here a couple of months ago Hermann
holes from guerilla games talked to us
about how he adapted Killzone threes
controls to work great with PlayStation
Move and even better with the
sharpshooter
3d gaming and us being a first-person
games you're literally right in the
middle of the action so you're you're
right in depth cinematic experience and
then on top of that you've got that very
intuitive PlayStation you control
implemented in the sharpshooter think
you know when you see these kind of
birth throws off then you have a little
pistol on the cord but this is a
full-fledged design where make Killzone
accessible for a broader audience and
move really helps them
hi I'm Kenan agachi I'm a senior staff
producer here at Sony I'm here to show
the Sharpshooter peripheral with the
Move controller today for SOCOM for this
is the first time that this is actually
being featured as part of this game as
an additional perfect the gun peripheral
was actually designed in conjunction for
guerrilla games as well as zipper
interactive they both actually
incorporated these peripheral into their
game in such a way that it actually
allows for an additional level of
immersion and realism alright so let me
walk through the various button
functions on the device itself and how
it relates to our game we have the
digital trigger and with the various
fire modes single fire the automatic
fire and then the grenade launcher
we also have the stance change and we
have change of weapon that you can also
reach from the other side for
left-handed users this lock switch here
is actually for the remove button right
here and the move button in our game
actually functions as throwing grenades
you can actually lock this button out so
that you don't press it by accident when
you're down on bullets just by doing the
pump action here on the device will
actually command to reload
underneath device there is a reload
button in our game we happen to use this
when you are at a weapons cache and need
to reload on weapons on grenades and
such goose goes on tika when you walk up
to enemies and stealth behind them you
can actually push push forward or melee
style attacks or stealth kills when
you're in a sniper mode if you hold down
the l1 button which is right here with
your left hand or right hand it'll allow
you to go into a zooms mode and then by
holding down the l3 button which is the
analog stick it will take you into that
further additional level of zoom as you
can see here this actually has an
adjustable stock that makes it more
comfortable for those long hours of
gameplay
thanks a lot Ken for showing us how
SOCOM 4 is going to be working with the
PlayStation Move and the Sharpshooter
so come for out April 19th Killzone 3
February 22nd and the Sharpshooter also
in stores February 22nd so I think we've
seen now PlayStation Move fun games
party games you know family games and
now in 2011 hardcore game so something
for everyone